hey my inspirations muse here and I'm
coming to you today with a quick review
so I got a new case for Christmas and it
is the yaz no professional soft sided
roller makeup case and so I want to give
you a review of the case before I
actually went and put all of my items
that I purchased in it so that you can
get a better look at the case and I will
do a what's in my kit video after I put
everything in it so if you want to see
my review on the yasm own professional
soft sided roller makeup case then keep
watching okay so this is my gasma
professional soft sided makeup case and
it comes in three colors comes in purple
pink and black and so this is the purple
one which I received from my wonderful
wife for Christmas so this case measures
16 and 1/2 inches long across this way
it measures 12 and a half inches deep
which is sideways this way and then it
is 22 inches tall and it is made of
nylon fabric it does have if you can see
on the bottom there's Stoppers in the
front and then on the back side it has
the wheels so that can roll and it does
come with a handle that you can adjust a
one-level and you can adjust it up to a
second level it does have a handle up
here if you want to carry it but I doubt
that everybody will be carrying this
case so the manufacturer of this case is
seeing but I did get this from Yasmin
calm which I will leave a link for yaz
my website down below at the time that
it was purchased a retail for 169 I did
get a $10 credit because a piece of it
was missing when I got it and apparently
they don't manufacture it with that
piece anymore so they did give me a $10
credit but I believe
also the prices went up so I will list
the accurate price down in the
description box as well so we're gonna
go in first and open up these metal
buckles and I'm doing this with one hand
so and when you open up the buckles you
get this area here as you can see up
here there are three pencil cases which
looks like this and they're made of PVC
which is like a nice plastic and you get
three of them and they're velcroed up to
the top here and then you also get some
other PVC pieces that can velcro as well
you get a large container here that you
can also as you can see stick right up
there then you get another one of those
large rectangular containers which can
stick up there as well then you get a
Kleenex holder which has a little slot
in it right here which I will probably
use this for makeup wipes and then you
also get this little cylinder here which
has the PVC on the inside which I don't
think you can see which they say you can
use this for the white tubes but I'm
probably gonna use this for dirty
brushes and the good thing about all of
these is that on the side of this bag
box container um whatever there's velcro
to so you can stick these on here and
they actually stay on there pretty
sturdy so if you're working out of this
and you just want to drop your dirty
brushes in here you can or if you just
want to stick some stuff on the sides of
it like that if you can see that they
just stick on there really well so in
this space here take all this stuff out
there's PVC down here which is like a
plastic which is easy to clean very easy
to clean and this particular well right
here is sixteen and a half inches this
way long twelve and a half inches this
way and then it is six and a half inches
deep so you can pretty much fit a good
amount of items inside of this
particular space right here then it does
have zippers and I'm gonna go ahead and
take down those zippers and inside of
here there is a mesh pocket here which
I'll probably put like lashes or
something in there and then you have
these eight drawers which these drawers
you can actually remove and it probably
not gonna be able to do it with one hand
but you can remove this entire drawer
system out of here
these completely come out so if you
needed to take these out and set them on
a table and work from there you could do
that this is a great space saver encase
then they have here there's a little
latch here that you actually have to
press this latch in order to get them
open and then they snap it snaps closed
so if you can't just open it so your
product doesn't slide around which is
great and these drawers do come all the
way out and this drawer actually
measures a nine and a half inches this
way it's five and a half five and
three-quarters inches this way and then
it's two and a quarter inches deep so
these drawers are pretty big you can fit
three pro-v pallets in these drawers you
can also fit I think like five of the
old MEC pallets in here
I'm not sure about the new mentality but
these droids have lots of space in them
for you so that is an overview of the
gas bro
soft sided rolling make up case with
drawers again you can if you want to
just store all of these right in this
top here you can also attach them to the
velcro up on the top as well as on the
sides and everything packs up really
really nice in this case it is ready to
go so I hope you have enjoyed this video
I want to say thank you all for watching
this video thank you to everybody who is
subscribed to me both old and new if you
have not subscribed to me there's a
little button it's somewhere in the
corner just go ahead and click that
button please feel free to thumbs up and
comment on this video and make sure you
share all with your friends I'll talk to
you lovelies soon bye